Oh
[Music]
Wow aspic night I am fully inspired they
premiered for videos and oh my heart is
full I think we'll be in the city I love
hearing people I get to hang out with
youtubers cool internet is cool
sometimes it gets you down sometimes
people's opinion on the Internet
gets you down but this this fills me
with hope but guess what it doesn't stop
we don't stop tomorrow more and I am
waking up soups early I'm going to a
press event no one knows about the Sony
event right now it is under wraps until
you see this video I low-key think it's
going to be a new Sony rx100 what I'm
filming with right now if so you know yo
girl loves this camera so we'll see
[Music]
just left the hotel yesterday was
amazing tonight am bulrog e but I had
lots of coffee so now I'm heading to an
event a Sony event this is the High Line
that's the water
we're headed this way the camera I just
sold
that's what I am
[Music]
we go and try the cameras look
and Cuba well this is exciting
[Music]
video in this new a7 r3 what's different
what's good right so first of all they
change the sensor in this gallery so now
[Applause]
which is gonna be way better than the
old hard to cast you actually and at the
same time the new sensor as a better out
of illness which you know people like me
will use a lot of Sony lenses
the camera truck faces try and actually
in their job right it's important
especially when you don't have a tilted
screen okay let's talk about this camera
oh my goodness I'm so excited to have a
new actual real-life camera instead of
comparing the cameras from new
smartphones whether it's from the iPhone
or Samsung or pixel blah blah we got a
real camera on our hands here folks
lots of tech specs to run through but
here are the ones that stuck out to me
and hopefully matter at the most to you
the new sensor is the same amount of
megapixels but they said the entire
circuit has changed new CPU processing
so there is better color accuracy and
color definition now you can shoot 10
frames per second and continuous
shooting and shoot up to 76 images per
burst so that's if you're shooting the
JPEG in compressed bra and while you're
doing this continuous shooting there is
no shutter blackouts sony has improved
the autofocus as well so say you're
shooting a moving subject and you're
doing continuous shooting every time you
take a picture say you're taking ten and
one second it's going to re auto focus
on that subjects eyes or whatever you're
shooting there's new batteries so they
introduced a new battery with the a9 but
now you get up to 2.2 times the battery
life I've heard a lot of good things
from it this new battery and the battery
life which is pretty clutch because
traditionally mirrorless cameras and if
you shot with the a7 S or a 7r in the
past you know the batteries sent to not
last very long and if you're in cold
weather conditions usually the battery
will drop even faster and according to a
huge Instagram or photographer Chris
Burkhardt who was there on the stage he
said this battery survives cold
temperatures which is amazing so the
features of the actual body that Cameron
has changed they added a joystick which
is something I am used to coming from
Canon cameras which I am stoked for that
and now there are dual SD card slots
basically you can save the same things
to both the cards for redundancy or you
can just have dual storage they added
another USB port so now you can charge
the camera through USB C or attach a
remote control unit via the micro USB
now let's dive into some of the
important new video features I probably
care more about the video aspects of
these cameras so the number one thing
that I noticed is the tiny record button
that's usually on the side of the camera
very hard to press is now closer to the
viewfinder and it's so much easier to
we're talking picture profiles this
camera not only has s log two but it has
s log 3 for 14 stops of dynamic range
and it really allows you to color in the
footage the way you want your footage
look there's also a picture profile
called h LG it stands for a hybrid log
gamma so this supports instant HDR
production without the need for color
grading so the new Apple 4k TV supports
4k HDR HDR high dynamic range is being
used a lot whether it's cameras or TVs
it's everywhere so this camera can shoot
at 4k at 24 frames per second or 30
frames per second at 100 megabits per
second you're gonna be getting a lot of
data from this very intense sensor that
is going to provide a lot of color
accuracy to this video the previous a
seminar 2 only shot
120 frames per second at 720 so my
question is yes okay so now we can shoot
1080p at 820 frames per second so let's
go ahead and look at the
yeah the new a7 r3 also has something
called slow and quick mode I think this
is only in the a nine which is like a
$4,500 camera and then the a 6500 I have
never heard of this before today and I
am shocked if you've never heard of it
it basically stands for slow and quick
when you record video normally and you
shoot 120 frames per second and 1080
when you look at that file on your
computer it's going to be a normal speed
and then you have to go back in your
editor and slow it down to 20 percent
really to get that 120 frames per second
slow motion look this snq option that
you can also get to quickly by
customizing these custom buttons is a
way to get this slow motion straight out
of the camera so you can set it anywhere
from 60 frames per second to a 120
frames per second with the record button
and from the camera it's gonna be
automatically in slow motion now it
doesn't record audio during this setting
and it also records at a lower bit rate
so if you need slow motion quick
straight to your camera this is the way
to do it and also this is a side of it
the quick side of it that I am more
curious about if you choose the settings
of one frames per second or two frames
per second that means it's gonna shoot
only one frame per second you can set up
your camera wherever and basically it's
gonna compile all of those frames into a
24 frames per second timeline or
whatever you choose so basically what
I'm saying is this is a way to get time
lapses straight out of your camera I
want to try this out so bad I'm tempted
just to go by the 860 500 right now I
don't know if you can tell by this video
but it's very gear heavy and inspiration
heavy I just want to go by all the
camera gear and shoot all the videos
right now
so has improved fast hybrid autofocus
where it can more accurately track
moving subjects over a wider area and
then also this this is super clutch as
you're recording 4k footage you can
simultaneously record a 4k proxy file so
a 4k image a 4k video is going to be
massive and so a lot of people's
computers can't handle that 4k movie
Sony the camera is basically going to do
that work for you instead of going into
premiere and making proxy files lower
res files to edit and then reconnect
after you finish editing now this camera
can make proxy files for you so now when
you go into premiere wherever you edit
you can bring in the 4k footage bring in
the proxy files just end it with the
proxy files and then reconnect later so
now you don't have to deal with a
headache of waiting for proxy files to
be made of your 4k footage I feel like I
just spoke in a different language if
you didn't understand that let me know
the comments below
maybe all answers to your questions this
camera has c1 c2 c3 these buttons that
are for custom settings that you can now
customize depending on you being in
photo mode or movie mode it's two
separate things now something new about
the menus is you can also have my menu
where you can customize 30 different
menu options just in your menus so get
get out all the stuff that you don't
normally use and you can just use my
menu as your everyday menu I just
recently sold my a7r 2 and my main
shooter outside of arts 100 is the a7s2
I am super impressed by the a7 r3 an
honest one I do so the other side of me
is like what if the a7 s3 comes out in 6
months I'm gonna be bummed that I didn't
hold out for that simply the a7 s has
been geared for video a7 art is more
geared towards photography with the
higher megapixel sensor I will
definitely keep you guys updated on if
they're gonna buy a new camera who knows
let me know what you think about this
new Sony a7 r3 and the comments down
below
let me know if you like this video it
was very fact heavy but I really truly
do enjoy stuff like this and hit that
subscribe button if you're new around
here join the Peachy fam and until next
time stay peachy okay bye
[Music]